Adding basic examples to path (#904)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus.server.exe-command-line/path.md

      --help                 Show detailed help for this command
```

## Basic examples

> This example will configure all paths (artifacts, task logs, packages, and telemetry) to a network share 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example configures all paths (artifacts, task logs, packages, and telemetry) to a network share:
```

```text
octopus.server path --clusterShared \\OctoShared\OctopusData
```

> This example will configure the paths for the different components individually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example configures the paths for the different components individually:
```
